Lesson 2 Reflections

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is different from the repository and working directory in that it only connects the files that you want to commit to the repository that you want to commit them to. This helps in not complicating the process of commits to a directory so that every files does not appear in each HEAD.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
By adding one file at a time, we can use the staging area to compare updated files between staging area and working directory, then add more files to staging area as you go through your commit then compare staging area to most recent commit in the Repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Some situtations would include exploring new ideas that you may want to add without affecting your original branch. Other situations may be if you want to creat another version of the project or file that may have similar features.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
They help visualize the tree associated with your master branch and created branches from the master (HEAD). They also help you see where in the project you are currently editing.

What is the result of mergin two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result for mergin two branches together will combine the changes made on one branch to the other branch by using a recursive technique used by git. It is important to represent it in a visual diagram because it would show the locations of the branches where they merge and what they share in common with each other.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic mergin vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic mergin will show many conflics associated with files that show redundant data or modified data that the algorithm cannot know what changes will remain in the master while in manual mergin, it is up to the authors of which lines will stay in the master branch.